feat: add sentence analyzer project (#56093)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-sentence-analyzer/66e2f376df6f315ee81de81a.md

---
id: 66e2f376df6f315ee81de81a
title: Step 8
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

Test your `getWordCount` by creating a `wordCount` variable set to the calling of the `getWordCount` function with the sentence `"I love freeCodeCamp"`.

> After that, log the `wordCount` variable to the console with the text `"Word Count:"` and the interpolation of the `wordCount` variable. You can also use plus (`+`) concatenator if you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, log the following to the console: `"Word Count: [Word count goes here]"`. Replace  `[Word count goes here]` with the the actual variable name. You can choose to use template strings or string concatenation with the `+` operator here.
```
